Update help text for color mapping (#397)
xcube-dev/xcube-viewer: public/docs/color-mappings.en.md

The interpretation of the `<value>` depends on the selected color mapping 
type:

* **Continuous:** Continuous color assignment, where each `<value>` 

>   represents a support point of a color gradient.

Reviewer: Grid is more likely in 2+D context.

> * **Stepwise:** Stepwise color mapping where values are bounds of value 
>   ranges mapped to the same color. A `<color>` gets associated with the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Stepwise:** Stepwise color mapping where values within the range of two
  subsequent `<value>`s are mapped to the same color. A `<color>` gets associated with the 
```
